Added Visual Studio compilation guide (#1027)
CCExtractor/ccextractor: docs/COMPILATION.MD

## Windows

**Using Visual Studio**

> #### Here you can see two files .vcxproj(marked with blue arrows) and one .sln project(marked with a red arrow)

Reviewer: These steps should be in normal text, not subheadings.

> #### Here you can see two files .vcxproj(marked with blue arrows) and one .sln project(marked with a red arrow)

Reviewer: Maybe change it to something like:

```suggestion
Open `windows/` directory to locate `ccextractor.vcxproj`,  `ccextractorGUI.vcxproj` (blue arrows) and `ccextractor.sln` (red arrow).
```

> ![alt text](img/projectFiles.png)

Reviewer 2: instead of alt text can you do a description of the image?

> You have to open .sln if you want to build both non GUI and GUI ccextractor or you can build them seperately opening .vcxproj files one by one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Visual Studio (2015 or above), open `ccextractor.sln`. This will build both CCExtractor and its GUI. To build them separately, open the respective `.vcxproj` file.
```

> #### Further, if you receive a confirmation request about downloading from unsafe resource just click OK and go forward</h4>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accept the security prompt (if any), to proceed with compilation.
```

> ![alt text](img/Warning.png)

Reviewer: Please replace all `alt text` with meaningful sentences.

> #### Then if you opened .sln file you will have 2 projects on the right pannel GUI and non GUI and you can also open them separetely by opening .vcxproj files.</h4>

Reviewer: This is a redundant line, better to remove it and add tree structure in next line.

> #### Also there are 2 parameters in parentheses near each project(Visual studio version and Windows release version) you have to change them to parameters which are true for you by clicking right mouse button on project and selecting properties. You can see this on the photo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Solution Explorer, you'll see two projects with the VS version and Windows release version in parenthesis.  Change them to parameters which are true for you by clicking right mouse button on project and selecting properties.
```

![alt text](img/ProjectSection.png)

![alt text](img/Properties.png)

> #### After that you can build these projects by clicking on each of them by mouse right button and selecting "build"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right click and select `build` to compile the project and generate executable file.
```

![alt text](img/Building.png)

> #### Finally you will get your exe files in folder called debug which will be created in folder windows if you complete all points above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the executable file in `Debug` or `Release` folder, based on selected configuration.
```
